{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
Nume Health\par
Brand Guide\par
Version 1 • February 14, 2026\par
This is an initial brand foundation to align design, copy, and marketing for the Nume Health direct-to-patient experience.\par
LOGO SYSTEM\par
Primary lockup (recommended for website header, ads, and documents):\par
\par
Mark (recommended for favicon/app icon):\par
\par
\par
BRAND POSITIONING\par
Category: Direct-to-patient metabolic health + telehealth weight management.\par
Core promise: physician-led plans, clear pricing, and ongoing support so patients can sustain results.\par
Differentiators:\par
• Physician-led: real clinical oversight, not an anonymous intake funnel.\par
• Transparent: pricing, what’s included, and what happens if you’re not approved.\par
• Sustainable: coaching + monitoring to reduce churn and improve outcomes.\par
• Quality-first: pharmacy standards, cold-chain/shipping practices where applicable, and education.\par
AUDIENCE & USE CASES\par
• New prospects researching GLP-1 options and comparing providers.\par
• Patients who want a guided, accountable program (not just medication).\par
• People skeptical of compounding and looking for transparency and safety.\par
VOICE & TONE\par
Voice: calm, clinical, supportive. Avoid hype, shame, or aggressive urgency.\par
Tone rules:\par
• Lead with clarity and support (not fear or vanity).\par
• Use plain language; define clinical terms.\par
• Be transparent about risks and eligibility; don’t overpromise.\par
• Prefer evidence-forward phrasing: 'may', 'can help', 'results vary'.\par
MESSAGING FRAMEWORK\par
Primary headline formula:\par
• Outcome + credibility: 'Physician-led GLP-1 care that fits your life.'\par
• Speed + safety: 'Start online. Get reviewed by a licensed clinician.'\par
• Sustainability: 'A plan you can keep - not a quick fix.'\par
CTA language (preferred): Start Assessment • Check Eligibility • See Pricing • Talk to Support\par
COLOR PALETTE\par
Name	Hex	Use\par
Navy	#0B1B2B	Primary backgrounds, headers, hero blocks\par
Teal	#1BB6A8	Primary accent, buttons, highlights\par
Mint	#D8F7F2	Soft accents, badges, secondary backgrounds\par
Off-white	#F7FAFC	Primary page background\par
Slate	#2E3E50	Body text, icons\par
\par
\par
TYPOGRAPHY\par
Recommended type system (web):\par
• Headings: Inter (600-700)\par
• Body: Inter (400-500)\par
• Optional accent: Manrope for large hero headlines (700)\par
UI COMPONENTS (DESIGN DIRECTION)\par
• Buttons: rounded-12px, solid Teal on Navy/White; hover uses slightly darker Teal.\par
• Forms: large inputs, clear labels, inline validation, progress indicator for multi-step intake.\par
• Cards: soft border, slight shadow, lots of whitespace. Avoid clutter.\par
• Trust bar: clinician-reviewed, secure messaging, discreet shipping, support response times.\par
IMAGERY & ICONOGRAPHY\par
• Photography: real people, diverse ages/bodies, everyday life (not gym-only).\par
• Clinical visuals: use sparingly; favor warmth over 'sterile hospital' feel.\par
• Icons: thin/medium line icons; avoid cartoonish styles.\par
LOGO USAGE RULES\par
• Clear space: leave at least the height of the 'n' around the logo.\par
• Minimum size: mark >= 24px for UI; wordmark >= 120px wide for readability.\par
• Don’t stretch, skew, add shadows, or change colors outside the palette.\par
• Use the dark-background lockup on Navy backgrounds; use light lockup on white backgrounds.\par
ASSET SIZES (QUICK REFERENCE)\par
Platform	Recommended size\par
Favicon	16x16, 32x32, 48x48 (ICO multi-size)\par
Apple Touch Icon	180x180 (opaque background)\par
PWA Icons	192x192, 512x512 (add 1024x1024 master)\par
Open Graph Share	1200x630\par
X/Twitter large	1600x900\par
Instagram post	1080x1350 (vertical)\par
Stories/Reels/TikTok	1080x1920\par
Email signature	640x160\par
\par
\par
STARTER CSS VARIABLES\par
/* Nume Health (v1) */\par
:root \{\par
--nume-navy: #0B1B2B;\par
--nume-teal: #1BB6A8;\par
--nume-mint: #D8F7F2;\par
--nume-offwhite: #F7FAFC;\par
--nume-slate: #2E3E50;\par
\}\par
}
